README.md, before:

GitHub Audio
============

Listen to music generated by events happening across GitHub

_Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery._ - __Oscar Wilde__

But seriously, [listen-to-wikipedia](https://github.com/hatnote/listen-to-wikipedia) by [@slaporte](https://github.com/slaporte) and [@mahmoud](https://github.com/mahmoud) is the hotness.

<sub><sup><sub><sup>Use [`ULTIMATE_DREAM_KILLER`](https://github.com/debugger22/github-audio/commit/ed47067f5e56ab70d65fa31f72bf2dbc513f8f56) to filter all events except closed PRs.


Media Attention
-----
* [The Next Web](http://thenextweb.com/apps/2016/10/03/this-site-tracks-events-across-github-to-generate-calming-work-music/)
* [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com/tech/github-audio)


# Installing dependencies

This application requires:
* node
* npm
* redis

Dependency Installation on OSX
-------------------

```bash
$ brew install nodejs
$ brew install npm
$ brew install redis
```

Dependency Installation on Linux
---------------------

```bash
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install nodejs
$ sudo apt-get install npm
$ sudo apt-get install redis-server
```

# Running the Application
Install node packages
---------------------

Navigate to the project directory and run

```bash
$ npm install
```

Environment variables
---------------------

```
$ export GITHUB_OAUTH_KEY=<your_github_oauth_key>
```

Note: Without the GitHub oauth key the number of requests is throttled at 60 per hour. It can be increased to 5000 per hour by using an oauth key.

Run Redis and Server
----------

```bash
$ redis-server
```

In a separate window:
```bash
$ node server
```

Note: For production run `export NODE_ENV="production"` before starting the server.

Commit message:

Update README with Heroku instructions

README.md, after:

GitHub Audio
============

Listen to music generated by events happening across GitHub

_Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery._ - __Oscar Wilde__

But seriously, [listen-to-wikipedia](https://github.com/hatnote/listen-to-wikipedia) by [@slaporte](https://github.com/slaporte) and [@mahmoud](https://github.com/mahmoud) is the hotness.

<sub><sup><sub><sup>Use [`ULTIMATE_DREAM_KILLER`](https://github.com/debugger22/github-audio/commit/ed47067f5e56ab70d65fa31f72bf2dbc513f8f56) to filter all events except closed PRs.


Media Attention
-----
* [The Next Web](http://thenextweb.com/apps/2016/10/03/this-site-tracks-events-across-github-to-generate-calming-work-music/)
* [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com/tech/github-audio)


# Installing dependencies

This application requires:
* node
* npm
* redis

Dependency Installation on OSX
-------------------

```bash
$ brew install nodejs
$ brew install npm
$ brew install redis
```

Dependency Installation on Linux
---------------------

```bash
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install nodejs
$ sudo apt-get install npm
$ sudo apt-get install redis-server
```

# Running the Application
Install node packages
---------------------

Navigate to the project directory and run

```bash
$ npm install
```

Environment variables
---------------------

```
$ export GITHUB_OAUTH_KEY=<your_github_oauth_key>
```

Note: Without the GitHub oauth key the number of requests is throttled at 60 per hour. It can be increased to 5000 per hour by using an oauth key.

Run Redis and Server
----------

If you are running locally then run local redis server

```bash
$ redis-server
```

On heroku, you can set up `Heroku Redis` add-on and it sets `REDIS_URL` enviornment variable.

In a separate window:
```bash
$ node server
```

Note: For production run `export NODE_ENV="production"` before starting the server.
